CONTRIBUTING: clarify the reason for no force pushes (#19387)
tldr-pages/tldr: CONTRIBUTING.md

If you want to commit multiple suggestions, go to the "Files changed" tab and batch all suggestions. Now, click the `Commit suggestions` button and enter a commit message to create a single commit.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Do not force push. We would prefer to preserve commit history within the pull request so that the order of events stays chronological. All pull requests will be squashed so the mess will be contained in the PR.

Author: Sure. I have no preference on the degree of formality in this case.

> > Do not force push. We would prefer to preserve commit history within the pull request so that the order of events stays chronological. All pull requests will be squashed so the mess will be contained in the PR.

Author: > For example, adding `within the pull request` suggests that preservation of event order matters only inside the PR, and not e.g. on the main branch.

I fail to see the problem here. If PR's are squashed, nobody needs to think about the main branch.

> > Do not force push. We would prefer to preserve commit history within the pull request so that the order of events stays chronological. All pull requests will be squashed so the mess will be contained in the PR.

Author: ```suggestion
> Do not force push. We would prefer to preserve commit history within the pull request so that the order of events between comments and commits stays chronological. All pull requests will be squashed so a messy commit history will be contained in the PR.
```

> > Do not force push. We would prefer to preserve commit history within the pull request so that the order of events stays chronological. All pull requests will be squashed so the mess will be contained in the PR.

Reviewer: From that perspective, why is it that we e.g. do a traditional merge, instead of our current policy of squash+merge?

I was under the impression that it was to ensure the history on the main branch was clean and easy to understand?

> > Do not force push. We would prefer to preserve commit history within the pull request so that the order of events stays chronological. All pull requests will be squashed so the mess will be contained in the PR.

Author: I don't think these are in opposition. Anyways, I made a new commit that adjusts the wording a little bit https://github.com/tldr-pages/tldr/pull/19387/commits/ca4385803bce086ce10094e18ac814fe071af119

> > Do not force push. We would prefer to preserve commit history within the pull request so that the order of events between comments and commits stays chronological. All pull requests will be squashed so a messy commit history will be contained in the PR.

Author: Ok. This looks good. Usually when someone force pushes, I add a simple "Please don't force push" and add the reasoning afterwards if I'm in the mood to type more that day. If it happens, it happens.
